I need you
And I miss you
And now I wonder
If I could fall, into the sky
Do you think time would pass me by?
'Cause you know I'd walk a thousand miles
If I could just see you
(Drilltime, what you cookin', nigga?) Tonight

Ay, when I see you, I'ma push your shit back, boy
Choppa get to spittin' through your set, we don't fight, boy
Twelve paramedics couldn't save your fuckin' life, boy
Rod K dead and he never comin' back, boy
We gon' treat this bitch like a match how we strike, boy
Left his ass in the street, this the end of your life, boy
Last thing your ass hear, flashlight on this Mac, boy
Bro, these niggas soft as hell, all these niggas, they just act hard

I'ma shoot this bitch when I motherfuckin' see you (And I need you)
I don't go nowhere without my motherfuckin' heat cool (And I need you)
Smokin' on Lil Peedy, I was smokin' Trey D too (And I need you)
Free my nigga Max till they motherfuckin' free you (And I need you)
Knock a nigga out, boy, you can get your ass beat too (And I need you)
Lil' ho, you trippin', baby girl, I don't need you (And I need you)
You could walk a thousand miles and I still don't wanna see you
I got the whole city scared,
These niggas know what we do (And I need you)
(Hol' up)

Who I smoke? (Who) Bibby (And I need you)
Who I smoke? (Who) Teki (And I miss you)
Who I smoke? (Who) Lil Nine (And I need you)
And now I wonder (And I miss you)

Where the opps at? Got a lo', I told 'em, "Drop that" (And I miss you)
FN and spittin', one in the head
ain't gotta cock it back (And I miss you)
Know I'm smokin' Jitt and
One thing they just can't get him back (And I miss you, smokin' who?)
In the splat, back to back (Skrrt), now we double back (And I'm-)
My killer make his face go, that's one thing 'bout Ksoo (Ksoo)
Hospital gang, boy, you know that shit a case close (NHG)
Want him dead, bust his head, all I do is say, "Go" (Go get 'em)
Drop a opp, drop a thot, eeny meeny, miny, moe (Eeny meeny)

I tote the rocket when I travel,
I'm pistol packin' the heat pack (I'm pistol packin' in Hous')
I was lurkin' on his page and
I caught him lackin' in Houston (We back)
We let off shots, he got shot and went live (I went live)
I was tweakin' like, "Fuck, man, that bitch ain't die" (We'll go)
When they diss on two times, we gon' spin a few times
Glock.23 (And I need you) for two, three, let off rounds till you die
Jumpout (And I miss you) thought
Shit was sweet till we found out the drop
Found out (And I need you) where that boy workin',
Then boy clocked 'em out
(And I miss you) Ay, hol' up

Who I smoke? (Who) Bibby (And I miss you you)
Who I smoke? (Who) Teki (And I miss you)
Who I smoke? (Who) Lil Nine (And I miss you)
And now I wonder (And I mi-)

And I miss you
And I miss you
And I miss you