And I need you (Hey, Drilltime)
And I miss you
And now I wonder
If I could fall into the sky
Do you think time would pass me by?
'Cause you know I'd walk a thousand miles
If I could just see you
(Drilltime, what you cookin'?) Tonight

Ayy, when I see you, I'ma push your shit back, boy
Choppa get to spittin' through your set, we don't fight, boy
Twelve paramedics couldn't save your fuckin' life, boy
Rod K dead and he never comin' back, boy
We gon' treat this bitch like a match how we strike, boy
Left his ass in the street, this the end of your life, boy
Last thing your ass see, a flashlight on this MAC spark
Bro, these niggas soft as hell, all these niggas, they just act hard

I'ma shoot this bitch, when I motherfuckin' see you (and I need you)
I don't go nowhere without my motherfuckin' heat, Ku (and I need you)
Smokin' on Lil Peedy, I was smokin' Trey D too (and I need you)
Free my nigga Max 'til they motherfuckin' free you (and I need you)
Knock a nigga out, boy, you can get your ass beat too (and I need you)
Lil' ho, you trippin', baby girl, I don't need you (and I need you)
You could walk a thousand miles and I
still don't wanna see you (and I need you)
I got the whole city scared,
niggas know what we do (and I need you) (hold up)

Who I smoke? (Who?) Bibby (and I need you)
Who I smoke? (Who?) Teki (and I miss you)
Who I smoke? (Who?) Lil Nine (and I need you)
And now I wonder (and I miss you)

Where the opps at? Got a lo', I told 'em "Drop that" (and I miss you)
FN and it spittin', one in the head,
ain't gotta cock it back (and I miss you)
Know I'm smokin' Jitt, and one thing,
they just can't get him back (and I miss you) (smokin' who?)
In the splat, back-to-back (skrrt),
spin the block, we double back (and I-)
My killer make his face go, that's one thing 'bout Ksoo (Ksoo)
No Hospital Gang, boy, you know that shit a case close (NHG)
Want him dead, bust his head, all I do is say, "Go" (go get 'em)
Drop a opp, drop a thot, eeny-meeny-miny-mo (eeny-meeny)

I tote the rocket when I travel,
I'm pistol packin' the heat pack (I'm pistol packin' in Hous')
I was lurkin' on his page and I
caught him lackin' in Houston (we back)
We let off shots, he got shot and went live (I went live)
I was tweakin' like "Fuck, man, that bitch ain't die"
When they diss on two times, we gon' spin a few times (and I need you)
Glock .23 for two, three, let off rounds 'til you die (and I miss you)
Jump out, thought shit was sweet,
'til we found out the drop (and I need you)
Found out where that boy workin',
then boy clocked 'em out (and I miss you) (hold up)

Who I smoke? (Who?) Bibby (and I miss you)
Who I smoke? (Who?) Teki (and I miss you)
Who I smoke? (Who?) Lil Nine (and I miss you)
And now I wonder (and I-)
Grrt

And I miss you
And I miss you
And I miss you